"list"
******

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Retrieves a list of all security policy entry states in Data Safe.

The ListSecurityPolicyEntryStates operation returns only the security
policy entry states for the specified security policy entry.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe security-policy-entry-state list [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--security-policy-deployment-id [text]

The OCID of the security policy deployment resource.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--deployment-status [text]

The current state of the security policy deployment.

Accepted values are:

   CONFLICT, CONNECTIVITY_ISSUE, CREATED, DELETED, MODIFIED, UNAUTHORIZED, UNKNOWN_ERROR, UNSUPPORTED_SYNTAX

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.

--security-policy-entry-id [text]

An optional filter to return only resources that match the specified
security policy entry OCID.

--security-policy-entry-type [text]

The type of the security policy deployment.

Accepted values are:

   AUDIT_POLICY, CONFIG, FIREWALL_POLICY

--target-id [text]

An optional filter to return only resources that match the specified
target id.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/security-policy/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export target_id=<substitute-value-of-target_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/security-policy-deployment/create.html#cmdoption-target-id
       export target_type=<substitute-value-of-target_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/security-policy-deployment/create.html#cmdoption-target-type

       security_policy_id=$(oci data-safe security-policy create --compartment-id $compartment_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       security_policy_deployment_id=$(oci data-safe security-policy-deployment create --compartment-id $compartment_id --security-policy-id $security_policy_id --target-id $target_id --target-type $target_type --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-safe security-policy-entry-state list --security-policy-deployment-id $security_policy_deployment_id
