"get"
*****

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Get Oracle DB Azure Vault Details Association form a particular
Container Resource ID.


Usage
=====

   oci dbmulticloud oracle-db-azure-vault-association get [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--oracle-db-azure-vault-association-id [text]

The ID of the Oracle DB Azure Vault Association Resource.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--limit [integer]

The maximum number of items to return.

--page [text]

The page token representing the page at which to start retrieving
results. This is usually retrieved from a previous list call.

--sort-order [text]

The sort order to use, either ‘asc’ or ‘desc’.

Accepted values are:

   ASC, DESC


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export azure_identity_mechanism=<substitute-value-of-azure_identity_mechanism> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-connector/create.html#cmdoption-azure-identity-mechanism
       export azure_resource_group=<substitute-value-of-azure_resource_group> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-connector/create.html#cmdoption-azure-resource-group
       export azure_subscription_id=<substitute-value-of-azure_subscription_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-connector/create.html#cmdoption-azure-subscription-id
       export azure_tenant_id=<substitute-value-of-azure_tenant_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-connector/create.html#cmdoption-azure-tenant-id
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-vault/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export db_cluster_resource_id=<substitute-value-of-db_cluster_resource_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-connector/create.html#cmdoption-db-cluster-resource-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-vault/create.html#cmdoption-display-name
       export oracle_db_connector_id=<substitute-value-of-oracle_db_connector_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/dbmulticloud/oracle-db-azure-vault/create.html#cmdoption-oracle-db-connector-id

       oracle_db_azure_connector_id=$(oci dbmulticloud oracle-db-azure-connector create --azure-identity-mechanism $azure_identity_mechanism --azure-resource-group $azure_resource_group --azure-subscription-id $azure_subscription_id --azure-tenant-id $azure_tenant_id --compartment-id $compartment_id --db-cluster-resource-id $db_cluster_resource_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oracle_db_azure_vault_id=$(oci dbmulticloud oracle-db-azure-vault create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --oracle-db-connector-id $oracle_db_connector_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oracle_db_azure_vault_association_id=$(oci dbmulticloud oracle-db-azure-vault-association create --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --oracle-db-azure-connector-id $oracle_db_azure_connector_id --oracle-db-azure-vault-id $oracle_db_azure_vault_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci dbmulticloud oracle-db-azure-vault-association get --oracle-db-azure-vault-association-id $oracle_db_azure_vault_association_id
