"create-macs-extension"
***********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new configuration item.


Usage
=====

   oci apm-config config create-macs-extension [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--agent-version [text]

The version of the referenced agent bundle.

--apm-domain-id [text]

The APM Domain ID the request is intended for.

--attach-install-dir [text]

The directory owned by runAsUser.

--management-agent-id [text]

The OCID of the Management Agent that will provision the APM Agent.

--process-filter [complex type]

Filter patterns used to discover active Java processes for
provisioning the APM Agent. This is a complex type whose value must be
valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the command line
or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--run-as-user [text]

The OS user that should be used to discover Java processes.

--service-name [text]

The name of the service being monitored. This argument enables you to
filter by service and view traces and other signals in the APM
Explorer user interface.


Optional Parameters
===================

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”: “value”}}* This is
a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be
provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file using
the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name [text]

The name by which a configuration entity is displayed to the end user.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only. Example: *{“bar-
key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON.
The value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in
as a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--opc-dry-run [text]

Indicates that the request is a dry run, if set to “true”. A dry run
request does not modify the configuration item details and is used
only to perform validation on the submitted data.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci apm-config config create-macs-extension --generate-param-json-input process-filter > process-filter.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export agent_version=<substitute-value-of-agent_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/config/create-macs-extension.html#cmdoption-agent-version
       export apm_domain_id=<substitute-value-of-apm_domain_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/config/create-macs-extension.html#cmdoption-apm-domain-id
       export attach_install_dir=<substitute-value-of-attach_install_dir> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/config/create-macs-extension.html#cmdoption-attach-install-dir
       export management_agent_id=<substitute-value-of-management_agent_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/config/create-macs-extension.html#cmdoption-management-agent-id
       export run_as_user=<substitute-value-of-run_as_user> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/config/create-macs-extension.html#cmdoption-run-as-user
       export service_name=<substitute-value-of-service_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/apm-config/config/create-macs-extension.html#cmdoption-service-name

       oci apm-config config create-macs-extension --agent-version $agent_version --apm-domain-id $apm_domain_id --attach-install-dir $attach_install_dir --management-agent-id $management_agent_id --process-filter file://process-filter.json --run-as-user $run_as_user --service-name $service_name
