"put-attachment"
****************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Uploads the file and attaches it to the support request.


Usage
=====

   oci support incident put-attachment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the tenancy.

--file [filename]

File to be uploaded as attachment to the Service Request.

--incident-key [text]

Unique identifier for the support request.

--is-restricted-flag [boolean]

Set to *true* when the attachment contains personal information (PI)
or protected health information (PHI).


Optional Parameters
===================

--bearertoken [text]

Token that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--bearertokentype [text]

Token type that determine which cloud provider the request come from.

--csi [text]

The Customer Support Identifier (CSI) number associated with the
support account. The CSI is optional for all support request types.

--domainid [text]

The OCID of identity domain. DomainID is mandatory if the user is part
of Non Default Identity domain.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--homeregion [text]

The region of the tenancy.

--idtoken [text]

IdToken that provided by multi cloud provider, which help to validate
the email.

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--ocid [text]

User OCID for Oracle Identity Cloud Service (IDCS) users who also have
a federated Oracle Cloud Infrastructure account. User OCID is
mandatory for OCI Users and optional for Multicloud users.

--problemtype [text]

The kind of support request.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/put-attachment.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export file=<substitute-value-of-file> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/put-attachment.html#cmdoption-file
       export incident_key=<substitute-value-of-incident_key> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/put-attachment.html#cmdoption-incident-key
       export is_restricted_flag=<substitute-value-of-is_restricted_flag> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/support/incident/put-attachment.html#cmdoption-is-restricted-flag

       oci support incident put-attachment --compartment-id $compartment_id --file $file --incident-key $incident_key --is-restricted-flag $is_restricted_flag
