"create-standby-database"
*************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates a new standby database for the given source database id.


Usage
=====

   oci db database create-standby-database [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--database-admin-password [text]

The administrator password of the primary database in this Data Guard
association.

* The password MUST be the same as the primary admin password.

--db-home-id [text]

The OCID of the Database Home.

--source-database-id [text]

The OCID of the source (primary) database for the Data Guard group.


Optional Parameters
===================

--data-storage-size-in-gbs [integer]

Provide the DATA storage size, in gigabytes, that is applicable for
the database.

--db-unique-name [text]

Specifies the *DB_UNIQUE_NAME* of the standby database to be created.

--db-version [text]

A valid Oracle Database version. For a list of supported versions, use
the ListDbVersions operation.

This cannot be updated in parallel with any of the following:
licenseModel, dbEdition, cpuCoreCount, computeCount, computeModel,
adminPassword, whitelistedIps, isMTLSConnectionRequired, openMode,
permissionLevel, dbWorkload, privateEndpointLabel, nsgIds,
isRefreshable, dbName, scheduledOperations, dbToolsDetails,
isLocalDataGuardEnabled, or isFreeTier.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags. This is a complex
type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a
string on the command line or passed in as a file using the
file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hsm-password [text]

Provide the HSM password as you would in RDBMS for External HSM.

--is-active-data-guard-enabled [boolean]

True if active Data Guard is enabled.

--kms-key-id [text]

The OCID of the key container that is used as the master encryption
key in database transparent data encryption (TDE) operations.

--kms-key-version-id [text]

The OCID of the key container version that is used in database
transparent data encryption (TDE) operations KMS Key can have multiple
key versions. If none is specified, the current key version (latest)
of the Key Id is used for the operation. Autonomous Database
Serverless does not use key versions, hence is not applicable for
Autonomous Database Serverless instances.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the resource to reach the lifecycle state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--protection-mode [text]

The protection mode to set up between the primary and standby
databases. For more information, see Oracle Data Guard Protection
Modes in the Oracle Data Guard documentation.

**IMPORTANT** - The protection mode is required for first standby to
be created.

Accepted values are:

   MAXIMUM_AVAILABILITY, MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE

--reco-storage-size-in-gbs [integer]

Provide the RECO storage size, in gigabytes, that is applicable for
the database.

--sid-prefix [text]

Specifies a prefix for the *Oracle SID* of the standby database to be
created.

--source-tde-wallet-password [text]

The existing TDE wallet password of the source (primary) database.

--transport-type [text]

The redo transport type to use for the standby database to be created.
Valid values depend on the specified *protectionMode*:

* MAXIMUM_AVAILABILITY - SYNC * MAXIMUM_PERFORMANCE - ASYNC

For more information, see Redo Transport Services in the Oracle Data
Guard documentation.

Accepted values are:

   ASYNC, SYNC

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation creates, modifies or deletes a resource that has a
defined lifecycle state. Specify this option to perform the action and
then wait until the resource reaches a given lifecycle state. Multiple
states can be specified, returning on the first state. For example, "
--wait-for-state" SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on
whichever lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a
return code of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1
is returned.

Accepted values are:

   AVAILABLE, BACKUP_IN_PROGRESS, CONVERTING, FAILED, PROVISIONING, RESTORE_FAILED, TERMINATED, TERMINATING, UPDATING, UPGRADING

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the resource has
reached the lifecycle state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to
30 seconds.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export db_system_id=<substitute-value-of-db_system_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/db-home/create.html#cmdoption-db-system-id
       export database_admin_password=<substitute-value-of-database_admin_password> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/create-standby-database.html#cmdoption-database-admin-password
       export source_database_id=<substitute-value-of-source_database_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/db/database/create-standby-database.html#cmdoption-source-database-id

       db_home_id=$(oci db db-home create --db-system-id $db_system_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci db database create-standby-database --database-admin-password $database_admin_password --db-home-id $db_home_id --source-database-id $source_database_id
