"list-associated-resources"
***************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Returns list of all associated resources.


Usage
=====

   oci data-safe attribute-set list-associated-resources [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--attribute-set-id [text]

OCID of an attribute set.


Optional Parameters
===================

--all

Fetches all pages of results. If you provide this option, then you
cannot provide the "--limit" option.

--associated-resource-id [text]

A filter to return attribute set associated resource that matches the
specified associated resource id query param.

--associated-resource-type [text]

A filter to return attribute set associated resources that matches the
specified resource type query param.

Accepted values are:

   AUDIT_POLICY

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the if-match parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.

--limit [integer]

For list pagination. The maximum number of items to return per page in
a paginated “List” call. For details about how pagination works, see
List Pagination.

--page [text]

For list pagination. The page token representing the page at which to
start retrieving results. It is usually retrieved from a previous
“List” call. For details about how pagination works, see List
Pagination.

--page-size [integer]

When fetching results, the number of results to fetch per call. Only
valid when used with "--all" or "--limit", and ignored otherwise.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci data-safe attribute-set create --generate-param-json-input attribute-set-values > attribute-set-values.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export attribute_set_type=<substitute-value-of-attribute_set_type> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/attribute-set/create.html#cmdoption-attribute-set-type
       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/attribute-set/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export display_name=<substitute-value-of-display_name> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/data-safe/attribute-set/create.html#cmdoption-display-name

       attribute_set_id=$(oci data-safe attribute-set create --attribute-set-type $attribute_set_type --attribute-set-values file://attribute-set-values.json --compartment-id $compartment_id --display-name $display_name --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci data-safe attribute-set list-associated-resources --attribute-set-id $attribute_set_id
